feat: Support for vectors creation when adding  records from Python SDK (#4043)
recognai/rubrix: CHANGELOG.md

- Update `BaseElasticAndOpenSearchEngine.index_records` method to also index record vectors. ([#4062](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4062))
- Update `FeedbackDataset.__init__` to allow passing a vector_settings list. ([#4055](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4055))
- Update `FeedbackDataset.push_to_argilla` to also push vector settings. ([#4055](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4055))

> - Update `FeedbackDatasetRecord` to allow to create records with vectors. ([#4043](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4043))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `FeedbackDatasetRecord` to support the creation of records with vectors. ([#4043](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4043))
```
